# https://conversationstartersworld.com/would-you-rather-questions/ would you rather questions
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or lose a year off your life?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 6 with an amazing personality?
Would you rather be able to talk to land animals, animals that fly, or animals that live under the water?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a sailboat as your home or an RV as your home?
Would you rather give up all drinks except for water or give up eating anything that was cooked in an oven?
Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into your own future or 10 minutes into the future of anyone but yourself?
Would you rather have an easy job working for someone else or work for yourself but work incredibly hard?
Would you rather be the first person to explore a planet or be the inventor of a drug that cures a deadly disease?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather be able to control animals (but not humans) with your mind or control electronics with your mind?
Would you rather have unlimited international first-class tickets or never have to pay for food at restaurants?
Would you rather see what was behind every closed door or be able to guess the combination of every safe on the first try?
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king of a large country 2500 years ago?
Would you rather be able to dodge anything no matter how fast it’s moving or be able to ask any three questions and have them answered accurately?
Would you rather be forced to dance every time you heard music or be forced to sing along to any song you heard?
Would you rather have all your clothes fit perfectly or have the most comfortable pillow, blankets, and sheets in existence?
Would you rather 5% of the population have telepathy, or 5% of the population have telekinesis? You are not part of the 5% that has telepathy or telekinesis.
Would you rather be an unimportant character in the last movie you saw or an unimportant character in the last book you read?
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather be completely insane and know that you are insane or completely insane and believe you are sane?
Would you rather travel the world for a year on a shoestring budget or stay in only one country for a year but live in luxury?
Would you rather suddenly be elected a senator or suddenly become a CEO of a major company? (You won’t have any more knowledge about how to do either job than you do right now.)
Would you rather live in virtual reality where you are all powerful or live in the real world and be able to go anywhere but not be able to interact with anyone or anything?
Would you rather have whatever you are thinking to appear above your head for everyone to see or have absolutely everything you do live streamed for anyone to see?
Would you rather be only able to watch the few movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 95-100% or only be able to watch the majority of movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94% and lower?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather know how above or below average you are at everything or know how above or below average people are at one skill/talent just by looking at them?
Would you rather live until you are 200 but look like you are 200 the whole time even though you are healthy or look like you are 25 all the way until you die at age 65?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather your only mode of transportation be a donkey or a giraffe?
Would you rather only be to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
Would you rather every shirt you ever wear be kind of itchy or only be able to use 1 ply toilet paper?
Would you rather have edible spaghetti hair that regrows every night or sweat (not sweet) maple syrup?
Would you rather have to read aloud every word you read or sing everything you say out loud?
Would you rather wear a wedding dress/tuxedo every single day or wear a bathing suit every single day?
Would you rather be unable to move your body every time it rains or not be able to stop moving while the sun is out?
Would you rather have all dogs try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you?
Would you rather be compelled to high five everyone you meet or be compelled to give wedgies to anyone in a green shirt?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather randomly time travel +/- 20 years every time you fart or teleport to a different place on earth (on land, not water) every time you sneeze?
Would you rather there be a perpetual water balloon war going on in your city/town or a perpetual food fight?
Would you rather have to fart loudly every time you have a serious conversation or have to burp after every kiss?
Would you rather become twice as strong when both of your fingers are stuck in your ears or crawl twice as fast as you can run?
Would you rather have everything you draw become real but be permanently terrible at drawing or be able to fly but only as fast as you can walk?
Would you rather thirty butterflies instantly appear from nowhere every time you sneeze or one very angry squirrel appear from nowhere every time you cough?
Would you rather vomit uncontrollably for one minute every time you hear the happy birthday song or get a headache that lasts for the rest of the day every time you see a bird (including in pictures or a video)?
Would you rather eat a sandwich made from 4 ingredients in your fridge chosen at random or eat a sandwich made by a group of your friends from 4 ingredients in your fridge?
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jumpsuits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing they must fight to the death?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
Would you rather be a practicing doctor or a medical researcher?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather be unable to use search engines or unable to use social media?
Would you rather be beautiful/handsome but stupid or intelligent but ugly?
Would you rather be balding but fit or overweight with a full head of hair?
Would you rather never be able to eat meat or never be able to eat vegetables?
Would you rather have a completely automated home or a self-driving car?
Would you rather be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician?
Would you rather be famous but ridiculed or be just a normal person?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never get another cold?
Would you rather have a bottomless box of Legos or a bottomless gas tank?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather be a bowling champion or a curling champion?
Would you rather be fantastic at riding horses or amazing at driving dirt bikes?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather live the next 10 years of your life in China or Russia?
Would you rather live on the beach or in a cabin in the woods?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather have a horrible short-term memory or a horrible long-term memory?
Would you rather be completely invisible for one day or be able to fly for one day?
Would you rather never be able to use a touchscreen or never be able to use a keyboard and mouse?
Would you rather have unlimited sushi for life or unlimited tacos for life? (both are amazingly delicious and can be any type of sushi/taco you want)
Would you rather get one free round trip international plane ticket every year or be able to fly domestic anytime for free?
Would you rather be able to be free from junk mail or free from email spam for the rest of your life?
Would you rather give up bathing for a month or give up the internet for a month?
Would you rather give up watching TV/movies for a year or give up playing games for a year?
Would you rather never be able to drink sodas like coke again or only be able to drink sodas and nothing else?
Would you rather have amazingly fast typing/texting speed or be able to read ridiculously fast?
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?
Would you rather have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or be able to drink unlimited free coffee at any coffee shop?
Would you rather take amazing selfies, but all of your other pictures are horrible or take breathtaking photographs of anything but yourself?
Would you rather never get a paper cut again or never get something stuck in your teeth again?
Would you rather never have another embarrassing fall in public or never feel the need to pass gas in public again?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all of your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather it never stops snowing (the snow never piles up) or never stops raining (the rain never causes floods)?
Would you rather never be able to leave your own country or never be able to fly in an airplane?
Would you rather never have a toilet clog on you again or never have the power go out again?
Would you rather earbuds and headphones never sit right on / in your ears or have all music either slightly too quiet or slightly too loud?
Would you rather be the best in the world at climbing trees or the best in the world at jumping rope?
Would you rather never run out of battery power for whatever phone and tablet you own or always have free Wi-Fi wherever you go?
Would you rather never have to clean a bathroom again or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather eat an egg with a half-formed chicken inside or eat ten cooked grasshoppers?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
Would you rather eat rice with every meal and never be able to eat bread or eat bread with every meal and never be able to eat rice?
Would you rather travel the world for a year all expenses paid or have $40,000 to spend on whatever you want?
Would you rather be able to go to any theme park in the world for free for the rest of your life or eat for free at any drive-through restaurant for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be the absolute best at something that no one takes seriously or be well above average but not anywhere near the best at something well respected?
Would you rather it be impossible for you to be woken up for 11 straight hours every day, but you wake up feeling amazing, or you can be woken up normally but never feel totally rested?
Would you rather have everything in your house perfectly organized by a professional or have a professional event company throw the best party you’ve ever been to, in your honor?
Would you rather have unlimited amounts of any material you want to build a house, but you have to build the house all by yourself or have a famed architect design and build you a modest house?
Would you rather never sweat again but not be more prone to heat stroke or never feel cold again but cold still physically affects you (i.e., you can freeze to death)?
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or a strong, pungent body odor?
Would you rather be unable to have kids or only be able to conceive quintuplets?
Would you rather clean rest stop toilets or work in a slaughterhouse for a living?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather not be able to see any colors or have mild but constant tinnitus (ringing in the ears)?
Would you rather have chapped lips that never heal or terrible dandruff that can’t be treated?
Would you rather live without hot water for showers/baths or live without a washing machine?
Would you rather be alone for the rest of your life or always be surrounded by annoying people?
Would you rather be locked in a room that is constantly dark for a week or a room that is constantly bright for a week?
Would you rather know when you are going to die or how you are going to die? (You can’t change the time or method of your death.)
Would you rather have everything you eat be too salty or not salty enough no matter how much salt you add?
Would you rather never have to work again or never have to sleep again (you won’t feel tired or suffer negative health effects)?
Would you rather never use social media sites/apps again or never watch another movie or TV show?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages and never be able to travel or be able to travel anywhere for a year but never be able to learn a word of a different language?
Would you rather be put in a maximum-security federal prison with the hardest of the hardened criminals for one year or be put in a relatively relaxed prison where wall street types are held for ten years?
Would you rather have everything on your phone right now (browsing history, photos, etc.) made public to anyone who searches your name or never use a cell phone again?
Would you rather be an amazing artist but not be able to see any of the art you created or be an amazing musician but not be able to hear any of the music you create?
Would you rather have everyone laugh at your jokes but not find anyone else’s jokes funny or have no one laugh at your jokes but you still find other people’s jokes funny?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of an unknown desert or wake up in a rowboat on an unknown body of water?
Would you rather always have a great body for your entire life but have slightly below average intelligence or have a mediocre body for your entire life but be slightly above average in intelligence?
Would you rather be in debt for $100,000 or never be able to make more than $3,500 a month?
Would you rather have the police hunting you for a murder you didn’t commit or a psychopathic clown hunting you?
Would you rather be constantly tired no matter how much you sleep or constantly hungry no matter how much you eat?
Would you rather live a comfortable and peaceful life in the woods in a small cabin without much human interaction or a life full of conflict and entertainment in a mansion in a city?
Would you rather walk around work or school for the whole day without realizing there is a giant brown stain on the back of your pants or realize the deadline for that important paper/project was yesterday, and you are nowhere near done?
Would you rather be so afraid of heights that you can’t go to the second floor of a building or be so afraid of the sun that you can only leave the house on rainy days?
Would you rather get tipsy from just one sip of alcohol and ridiculously drunk from just one alcoholic drink or never get drunk no matter how much alcohol you drank?
Would you rather be hired for a well-paying job that you lied to get and have no idea how to do or be about to give the most important presentation of your life but you can’t remember any of the material you prepared?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather be poor but help people or become incredibly rich by hurting people?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather die in 20 years with no regrets or die in 50 years with many regrets?
Would you rather be transported permanently 500 years into the future or 500 years into the past?
Would you rather donate your body to science or donate your organs to people who need them?
Would you rather be famous when you are alive and forgotten when you die or unknown when you are alive but famous after you die?
Would you rather go to jail for 4 years for something you didn’t do or get away with something horrible you did but always live in fear of being caught?
Would you rather live in the wilderness far from civilization with no human contact or live on the streets of a city as a homeless person?
Would you rather live your entire life in a virtual reality where all your wishes are granted or just in the normal real world?
Would you rather have a horrible job, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years or have your dream job, but have to work until the day you die?
Would you rather lose all of your memories from birth to now or lose your ability to make new long-term memories?
Would you rather always be able to see 5 minutes into the future or always be able to see 100 years into the future?
Would you rather be forced to kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
Would you rather work very hard at a rewarding job or hardly have to work at a job that isn’t rewarding?
Would you rather have a criminal justice system that actually works and is fair or an administrative branch that is free of corruption?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Would you rather have the power to gently nudge anyone’s decisions or have complete puppet master control of five people?
Would you rather live in a utopia as a normal person or in a dystopia but you are the supreme ruler?
Would you rather snitch on your best friend for a crime they committed or go to jail for the crime they committed?
Would you rather be born again in a totally different life or born again with all the knowledge you have now?
Would you rather all conspiracy theories be true or live in a world where no leaders really know what they are doing?
Would you rather know all the mysteries of the universe or know every outcome of every choice you make?
Would you rather spend two years with your soul mate only to have them die and you never love again or spend your life with someone nice you settled for?
Would you rather have all corporations know all of your computer usage or the government know all of your computer usage?
Would you rather inherit 20 million dollars when you turn 18 or spend the time earning 50 million dollars through your hard work?
Would you rather the general public think you are a horrible person, but your family is very proud of you, or your family thinks you are a horrible person, but the general public be very proud of you?
Would you rather fight for a cause you believe in, but doubt will succeed or fight for a cause that you only partially believe in but have a high chance of your cause succeeding?
Would you rather be famous for inventing a deadly new weapon or invent something that helps the world but someone else gets all the credit for inventing it?
Would you rather live in a haunted house where the ghosts ignore you and do their own thing or be a ghost in a house living out a pleasant and uneventful week from your life again and again?
Would you rather write a novel that will be widely considered the most important book in the past 200 years, but you and the book will only be appreciated after your death or be the most famous erotica writer of your generation?
Would you rather have done something horribly embarrassing and only your best friend knows or not done something horribly embarrassing, but everyone except your best friend thinks you did it?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all your missing socks?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather use a push lawnmower with a bar that is far too high or far too low?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
Would you rather eat a spoonful of wasabi or a spoonful of extremely spicy hot sauce?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
Would you rather have plants grow at 20 times their normal rate when you are near or for people and animals to stop aging when you are near them?
Would you rather always feel like someone is following you, but no one is, or always feel like someone is watching you, even though no one is?
Would you rather live in a house with see-through walls in a city or in the same see-through house but in the middle of a forest far from civilization?
Would you rather have every cat or dog that gets lost end up at your house or everyone’s clothes that they forget in the dryer get teleported to your house?
Would you rather blink twice the normal rate or not be able to blink for 5 minutes but then have to close your eyes for 10 seconds every 5 minutes?
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them / pick their fruit or animals beg for their lives before they are killed?
Would you rather wake up each morning to find that a random animal appendage has replaced your nondominant arm or permanently replace your bottom half with an animal bottom of your choice (not human)?
Would you rather have a map that shows you the location of anything you want to find and can be used again and again but has a margin of error of up to five miles or a device that allows you to find the location of anything you want with incredible accuracy but can only be used three times?
Would you rather have all animals feel compelled to obey you if you come within 10 feet of them or be given the opportunity to genetically design a pet that will be loyal only to you with the combined DNA of three animals?
Would you rather have someone impersonating you and doing really amazing things that you get the credit for or find money hidden in weird places all around your house every day but you can’t figure out where the money comes from or how it keeps getting there?
Would you rather wake up every morning with a new hundred-dollar bill in your pocket but not know where it came from or wake up every morning with a new fifty-dollar bill in your pocket and know where it comes from?
Would you rather have a clown only you can see that follows you everywhere and just stands silently in a corner watching you without doing or saying anything or have a real-life stalker who dresses like the Easter bunny that everyone can see?
Would you rather be an amazing virtuoso at any instrument but only if you play naked or be able to speak any language but only if you close your eyes and dance while you are doing it?
Would you rather everything you dream each night come true when you wake up or everything a randomly chosen person dreams each night come true when they wake up?
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any one person of your choosing, anywhere in the world, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar?
Would you rather have someone secretly give you LSD on a random day and time once every 6 months or have everyone in the world all take LSD at the same time once every 5 years?
Would you rather all electrical devices mysteriously stop working (possibly forever) or the governments of the world are only run by people going through puberty?
# https://conversationstartersworld.com/questions-ask-guy-girl-over-text/ Questions to ask a guy or girl over text
What’s your “go to” video or gif for a laugh?
Where’s your favorite place to get take away or delivery from?
What song do you play most often?
What’s your favorite quote from a movie?
What’s your “go to” joke?
What song has the best intro?
What is the scariest non banned item you could take on to a plane?
What’s the (funniest / most disappointing / weirdest / etc.) text you’ve gotten?
What is your favorite meme?
How many questions can you answer in just pictures?
What is the most interesting thing you have on you or near you right now? Send me a pic of it.
What app on your phone do you think I should get?
What’s the best photo you’ve taken?
What’s the worst text that you accidentally sent?
What thing do you really wish you could buy right now?
What’s the funniest thing that someone could spend money on / buy on the internet?
What’s the funniest picture you have on your phone?
What dumb pickup lines do you know?
What are some unwritten rules?
What happens in real life but rarely gets portrayed in movies?
What isn’t real but you desperately wish it was?
What’s the best “hidden gem” that you’ve found?
What’s the silliest thing you are passionate about?
What do you hate / love most about your phone?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve seen online recently?
# https://conversationstartersworld.com/250-conversation-starters/ 250 Conversation Starters
What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What’s your favorite number? Why?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Where did you go last weekend? / What did you do last weekend?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?
What’s the best / worst thing about your work/school?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
Have you ever saved an animal’s life? How about a person’s life?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time/day?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What’s your favorite season? Why?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house? Why?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured? And by that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
How often do you curse? And what’s your go-to string of curse words?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What was the best period of your life so far? What do you think will be the best period of your entire life?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
Who is someone popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Where is the best place to take a date?
What smell brings back great memories?
What’s the best pet name you can come up with for a specific type of pet? (Like these orange cat names.)
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
What are you best at?
What makes you nervous?
Who is the funniest person you’ve met?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?
What’s the best sitcom past or present?
What’s the best show currently on TV?
What will be the future of TV shows?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What do you think about reality TV? Why do you think it’s so popular?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
What is the most overrated movie?
What’s your favorite genre of movie?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?
What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
What was the last book you read?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
What is the longest book you’ve read?
What book genres do you like to read?
How fast do you read?
How often do you go to the library?
What book has influenced you the most?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
What book has changed one of your long-held opinions?
What book has had the biggest effect on the modern world?
What was the worst book you had to read for school? How about the best book you had to read for school?
Do you think people read more or fewer books now than 50 years ago?
Now that indie publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?
What was the last song you listened to?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Do you like classical music?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What’s the best way to discover new music?
How has technology changed the music industry?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s, streaming. Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What do app makers do that really annoys you?
How many apps do you have on your phone?
What’s the most frustrating app you have tried?
What’s the most addictive mobile game you have played?
Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?
What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?
What’re the best and worst things about the marketplace where you get your apps?
Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?
An app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing. What does it do?
How often do you check your phone?
Do you text more or call more? Why?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
What do you wish your phone could do?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
What kind of case do you have for your phone? Why did you choose it?
What was your first smartphone? How did you feel when you got it?
Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn’t.)
What sports do you like to watch?
Who are some of your favorite athletes?
Which sports do you like to play
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?
Do you play in any fantasy sports leagues? If so, how into fantasy sports are you?
Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?
Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is playing the video game or playing the sport more fun? Why?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
What is the best restaurant in your area?
What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
What is the most disgusting thing you have heard happened at a restaurant?
What was your favorite restaurant when you were a child?
Where would you like to travel next?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What’s the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
What do you think of tour group packages?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
What was the most overhyped place you’ve traveled to?
Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?
Where is the most awe-inspiring place you have been?
What’s the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
Talk about some of the interesting people you have met while traveling.
What do you think of staycations? (Vacationing and seeing tourist attractions where you live.)
Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What sci-fi movie or book would you like the future to be like?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?
What is your favorite shirt?
Does fashion help society in any way?
What old trend is coming back these days?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?
Do you care about fashion? What style of clothes do you usually wear?
If you didn’t care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?
What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned? Why were they so good?
Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers, or consumers?
What personal goals do you have?
What are your goals for the next two years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How much do you plan for the future?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
Have your parents influenced what goals you have?
Do you usually achieve the goals you set? Why or why not?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
What are some goals you have failed to accomplish?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
What do you like to do in the spring?
Did your family take seasonal vacations?
Which do you prefer, fall or spring?
Which season are you most active in?
What’s the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What’s the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
What is the biggest holiday for your family?
What is your favorite holiday?
What holidays have been over-commercialized?
Do you wish there were more or fewer holidays? Why?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?
If some of the lesser-known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?
What do you think of online education?
What do you think of standardized tests?
Are bigger or smaller schools better?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
What will the future of education be?
What do you think of homeschooling?
How can governments make education more efficient?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use regularly?
What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?
What is your favorite cuisine or type of food?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What do you think of buffets?
When was the last time you had a food fight?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?
If your life was a meal, what would kind of meal would it be?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What food do you know you shouldn’t eat but can’t stop yourself?
Do you like spicy food? Why or why not? What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?
Does the government have a place in regulating food? To what extent should government regulate food?
When people make mistakes about food (especially foreign food), do you feel the need to correct them? (i.e. sushi / sashimi or stromboli / calzone)
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?
If you were a king/queen, what would your throne look like?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?
What does your own personal hell look like? How about your own personal heaven?
You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop, and start time. What do you do with it?
If you could call up anyone in the world and have a one-hour conversation, who would you call?
The world has become infested with rabid dogs with the intelligence of a 5-year-old, where do you hole up to survive the “a-pup-calypse”?
A portal to another world opens in front of you. You don’t know how long it will stay open or if you’ll be able to get back after you go through. What do you do?
# https://conversationstartersworld.com/questions-to-get-to-know-someone/ 200 Questions to get to know someone
What shows are you into?
What’s your claim to fame?
How often do you play sports?
Are you usually early or late?
What quirks do you have?
How often do you people watch?
What’s your favorite drink?
What do you hope never changes?
What’s your dream car?
Where would you rather be from?
What songs have you completely memorized?
What would you rate / 10?
What job would you be terrible at?
What are you absolutely determined to do?
What skill would you like to master?
What website do you visit most often?
What would your perfect room look like?
What movie title best describes your life?
What age do you want to live to?
What kind of art do you enjoy most?
What takes up too much of your time?
What do you wish you knew more about?
What’s the best way to start the day?
What mystery do you wish you knew the answer to?
How different was your life one year ago?
What’s the best single day on the calendar?
What are some things you’ve had to unlearn?
What’s your favorite genre of book or movie?
What’s the farthest you’ve ever been from home?
What TV or YouTube channel doesn’t exist but really should?
Where is the most interesting place you’ve been?
What fad or trend do you hope comes back?
What city would you most like to live in?
When was the last time you climbed a tree just for fun?
What do you consider to be your best find?
What is special about the place you grew up?
What age do you wish you could permanently be?
What’s worth spending more on to get the best?
What are you most likely to become famous for?
What fictional place would you most like to go?
Where is the most relaxing place you’ve ever been to?
What have you only recently formed an opinion about?
What is the most heartwarming thing you’ve ever seen?
What’s the most interesting piece of art you’ve seen?
What’s something you like to do the old-fashioned way?
Would you rather go hang gliding or whitewater rafting?
Who has impressed you most with what they’ve accomplished?
How do you relax after a hard day of work?
What popular TV show or movie do you refuse to watch?
What job do you think you’d be really good at?
What pets did you have while you were growing up?
Where would you spend all your time if you could?
What would be the most amazing adventure to go on?
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
What’s the best way a person can spend their time?
What one thing do you really want but can’t afford yet?
What is the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
What are some small things that make your day better?
What’s the best thing that happened to you last week?
What are you looking forward to in the coming months?
What’s your favorite piece of clothing you own/owned?
What is the most annoying habit that other people have?
What game or movie universe would you most like to live in?
What is the most impressive thing you know how to do?
What was the best book or series that you’ve ever read?
What question would you most like to know the answer to?
What are you interested in that most people haven’t heard of?
Why did you decide to do the work you are doing now?
What state or country do you never want to go back to?
Where do you usually go when you have time off?
What are you most looking forward to in the next years?
What is the most annoying question that people ask you regularly?
If you suddenly became a master at woodworking, what would you make?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
What amazing thing did you do that no one was around to see?
What hobby would you get into if time and money weren’t an issue?
If you didn’t have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?
When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?
What is something you think everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What’s something you’ve been meaning to try but just haven’t gotten around to it?
If all jobs had the same pay and hours, what job would you like to have?
Who’s your go-to band or artist when you can’t decide on something to listen to?
If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?
What is something that most people consider to be a luxury, but you don’t think you could live without?
What would be your first question after waking up from being cryogenically frozen for years?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with, but you just don’t get the point of?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, what would you have a good chance at winning a medal for?
What piece of entertainment do you wish you could erase from your mind so that you could experience it for the first time again?
If you had unlimited funds to build a house that you would live in for the rest of your life, what would the finished house be like?
What gets you fired up?
What makes a good life?
What risks are worth taking?
What do you take for granted?
Who inspires you to be better?
What do you have doubts about?
When do you feel truly “alive”?
What fact are you resigned to?
What book impacted you the most?
What’s the best thing about you?
What would a mirror opposite of yourself be like?
What irrational fear do you have?
What would be your spirit animal?
What would be the scariest monster you could imagine?
What’s the hardest lesson you’ve learned?
What’s something you are self-conscious about?
What is one or two of your favorite smells?
Have you ever given to any charities?
What’s the last adventure you went on?
What are three interesting facts about you?
What was the best compliment you’ve received?
What chance encounter changed your life forever?
What do you want your epitaph to be?
What are you really good at, but kind of embarrassed that you are good at it?
What is the “Holy Grail” of your life?
What do you like most about your family?
What do people think is weird about you?
What is something you will NEVER do again?
Who is/was your most interesting friend?
What are you most likely very wrong about?
What’s the most immature thing that you do?
What stereotype do you completely live up to?
What is the biggest lesson you NEVER learned?
What dumb accomplishment are you most proud of?
What was the most memorable gift you’ve received?
What chapters would you separate your autobiography into?
What do you hope your last words will be?
What do you spend the most time thinking about?
What is something you can never seem to finish?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What’s the best thing you got from your parents?
What is the strangest thing you have come across?
If you could make a 20-second phone call to yourself at any point in your life present or future, when would you call and what would you say?
What’s the best and worst thing about getting older?
If you could have a never-ending candle that smelled like anything you wanted, what fragrance would you want it to be?
What is something you are certain you’ll never experience?
What challenging thing are you working through these days?
What’s one responsibility you really wish you didn’t have?
What do you wish your brain was better at doing?
If your childhood had a smell, what would it be?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
Which of your scars has the best story behind it?
What have you created that you are most proud of?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What were some of the turning points in your life?
What bends your mind every time you think about it?
What’s the title of the current chapter of your life?
Among your friends or family, what are you famous for?
What is something that your friends wouldn’t believe was true about you?
What’s something horrible that everyone should try at least once?
If you had a personal flag, what would be on it?
If your life was a book, what would its title be?
As the only human left on Earth, what would you do?
What stats for your life would you most like to see?
What did you think you would grow out of but haven’t?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
What are some of your personal “rules” that you never break?
What’s the best and worst piece of advice you’ve ever received?
What song or artist do you like but rarely admit to liking?
What annoys you most about the in-groups you are a part of?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
What do you regret not doing or starting when you were younger?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done that actually turned out pretty well?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
When people look at you, what do you think they see/think?
What can you not get right, no matter how many times you try?
What question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
As you get older, what are you becoming more and more afraid of?
What lifestyle change have you been meaning to make for a while now?
In what situation or place would you feel the most out of place?
There are two types of people in this world. What are the two types?
What personality trait do you value most, and which do you dislike the most?
When was the last time you changed your opinion/belief about something major?
What would you do if you knew you were going to die in one day?
What are some of the events in your life that made you who you are?
If life is a game like some people say, what are some of the rules?
They say that everyone has a book in them. What would your book be about?
What could you do with two million dollars to impact the most amount of people?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
What do you want to be remembered for?
If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?
What’s something that happened or something that someone said that changed how you view the world?
If you were put into solitary confinement for six months, what would you do to stay sane?
If you could have a video of anyone event in your life, what event would you choose?
What incredibly strong opinion or belief do you have that is completely unimportant in the grand scheme of things?
What are the top three things you want to accomplish before you die? How close are you to accomplishing them?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to countdown to?
What do you wish you could tell yourself years ago? What do you think you’ll want to tell your current self years from now?
If you were forced to relive one 10-minute block of your life again and again for all eternity, what minutes of your life would you choose?
Have you ever saved someone’s life?
What are you addicted to?
What keeps you up at night?
What lie do you tell most often?
What do you regret not doing?
What gives your life meaning?
What are you most insecure about?
What bridges do you NOT regret burning?
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve done?
How do you get in the way of your own success?
What are you afraid people see when they look at you?
What’s the most surprising self-realization you’ve had?
How do you hope you’ll change as a person in the future?
What’s one thing you did that you really wish you could go back and undo?
What do you most often look down on people for? What do you think other people look down on you for?
# https://conversationstartersworld.com/good-questions-to-ask/ 350 Good questions to ask
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
Do you think that aliens exist?
What are you currently worried about?
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
Where do you get your news?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?
What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
How would your country change if everyone, regardless of age, could vote?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
What’s wrong but sounds right?
What’s the most epic way you’ve seen someone quit or be fired?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
What’s something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
What’s the best / worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher
What “old person” things do you do?
What was the last photo you took?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you’ve seen?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
What’s the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What obstacles would be included in the World’s most amazing obstacle course?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold?
What’s the most creative use of emojis you’ve ever seen?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?
What riddles do you know?
What’s your cure for hiccups?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What’s the most interesting building you’ve ever seen or been in?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
What are your most important rules when going on a date?
How do you judge a person?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What was the most unsettling film you’ve seen?
What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn’t?
Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What’s something people don’t worry about but really should?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?
What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?
What’s the funniest actual name you’ve heard of someone having?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What problem are you currently grappling with?
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn’t fit the role?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What’s the most comfortable bed or chair you’ve ever been in?
What’s the craziest conversation you’ve overheard?
What’s the hardest you’ve ever worked?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?
What’s the most addicted to a game you’ve ever been?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?
Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?
Do you eat food that’s past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What’s the funniest comedy skit you’ve seen?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?
What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?
What’s the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
What’s the most interesting documentary you’ve ever watched?
What was the last song you sang along to?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve done or had happen while your mind was wandering?
What app can you not believe someone hasn’t made yet?
When was the last time you face palmed?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
What really needs to be modernized?
When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
What’s your worst example of procrastination?
Who has zero filter between their brain and mouth?
What was your most recent lie?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve seen someone get upset about?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?
When’s censorship warranted?
What’s the most boring super hero you can come up with?
What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
What actors or actresses can’t play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
Where’s your go to restaurant for amazing food?
What’s something that all your friends agree on?
What’s your best story from a wedding?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What’s the most pleasant sounding accent?
What’s something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?
What country is the strangest?
What’s the funniest word in the English language?
What’s some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can’t seem to get to sleep?
If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?
What are some of the best vacations you’ve had?
If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?
What’s the craziest video you’ve ever seen?
What’s your “Back in my day, we…”?
If you could know the truth behind every conspiracy, but you would instantly die if you hinted that you knew the truth, would you want to know?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever had?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn’t need to pay taxes on but couldn’t sell, what would you do with it?
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
What’s the opposite of a koala?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?
What’s the most ridiculous animal on the planet?
What’s the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?
What’s the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
When was a time you acted nonchalant but were going crazy inside?
What’s about to get much better?
What are some clever examples of misdirection you’ve seen?
What’s your funniest story involving a car?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?
Do you think that humans will ever be able to live together in harmony?
What would your perfect bar look like?
What’s the scariest non-horror movie?
What’s the most amazing true story you’ve heard?
What’s the grossest food that you just can’t get enough of?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What’s the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
What was one of the most interesting concerts you’ve been to?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What do you think could be done to improve the media?
What’s the most recent show you’ve binge watched?
What’s the worst movie trope?
What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What’s the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What’s the most annoying noise?
What’s your haunted house story?
What did you Google last?
What’s the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
If money and practicality weren’t a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
What’s the longest rabbit hole you’ve been down?
What’s the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?
What’s the most frustrating product you own?
What inconsequential super power would you like to have?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What odd smell do you really enjoy?
What’s the coolest animal you’ve seen in the wild?
What’s the best lesson you’ve learned from a work of fiction?
What food do you crave most often?
Who in your life has the best / worst luck?
What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?
What’s your best story of you or someone else trying to be sneaky and failing miserably?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a kid do?
What’s your secret talent?
What’s the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
What’s the most beautiful beach you’ve been to?
What’s the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What’s something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?
What trend are you tired of?
What’s incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What’s your grossest bug story?
What would the adult version of an ice-cream truck sell and what song would it play?
What company do you despise?
When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?
What would be an accurate tag line for each month?
What’s the most overrated product out on the market?
What word do you always misspell?
What naps are the most satisfying?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found lying on the ground / side of the road?
What’s the funniest TV show you’ve ever seen?
What’s the most embarrassing story from your childhood?
What animal is the most majestic?
What’s something that everyone knows is true, but we don’t like to admit it?
What’s the weirdest text or email you’ve gotten?
What always cheers you up when you think about it?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren’t a professional athlete?
If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn’t understand them, what would you do with that power?
What’s the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
What’s the creepiest tech out there?
Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
What animal would you most like to eat?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
What would the box with all your hopes and dreams inside look like?
What was the worst shopping experience you’ve ever had?
What story you’ve heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
If you lived in a virtual reality world of your own creation, what would it look like?
What escalated very quickly?
What two things are terrible when separate but great when you put them together?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
What big event do you think will happen soon that most people aren’t expecting?
What still makes you cringe when you think back on it?
What current trend makes no sense to you?
If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve?
Which celebrity is the most likely to have a collection of canes that are just for show?
What’s the weirdest crush you’ve had?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What’s your go to casino game?
An epic feast is held in your honor, what’s on the table?
What’s your favorite holiday movie?
Who is the most manipulative person you’ve ever met?
Who is the most creative person you know?
What’s the funniest pick up line you’ve heard?
What seemingly innocent question makes you think “It’s a trap!”?
How ambitious are you?
What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?
What elements of pop culture will be forever tied in your mind to your childhood?
What’s your good luck charm?
What’s legal now, but probably won’t be in 25 years?
Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn’t turn the ability off?
When was the last time you stayed up through the entire night?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?
What’s the oldest thing you own?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
Where is the best place you’ve been for taking walks?
If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?
What from the present will withstand the test of time?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
What’s the weirdest conversation you’ve eavesdropped on?
What just around the corner tech are you eager to get your hands on?
What was the darkest movie you’ve ever seen?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?
What’s the most disgusting sounding word in the English language?
What was ruined because it became popular?
What outdated slang do you use on a regular basis?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What’s your best example of easy come, easy go?
What small change greatly improves a person’s appearance?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?
What do a lot of people hope will happen but is just not going to happen?
What’s the weirdest thing that has happened to you while working at your job?
What questions would you like to ask a time traveler from 200 years in the future?
Which way should toilet paper hang, over or under?
What’s the most physically painful thing you’ve ever experienced?
What horror story do you have from a job you’ve had?
What’s the most rage inducing game you’ve ever played?
What’s the biggest overreaction you’ve ever seen?
What are some of the most common misconceptions?
What job doesn’t exist now but will exist in the future?
What awful movie do you love?
What normally delicious food gets ruined when you wrap it in a tortilla?
What’s your best example of fake it till you make it?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What’s something commonly done that gets progressively weirder the more you think about it?
What’s the cutest thing you can imagine? Something so cute it’s almost painful.
If you were given unlimited resources, how would you lure the worst of humanity into one stadium at the same time?
What do you think about when you hear the word “classy”?
What near future predictions do you have?
What do you need help with most often?
What piece of “art” would you create if you had to pretend to be an artist and submit something to a gallery?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
What’s the best and worst thing about the country you are from?
If you were in charge renaming things so that their names would be more accurate, what names would you come up with?
What’s better broken than whole?
What values are most important to you?
What’s the best sandwich you’ve ever had?
What’s the worst thing you ate from a fast food restaurant?
What’s something that I don’t know?
What profession doesn’t get enough credit or respect?
What memory of yours feels real but is most likely false?
What’s your “and then it got worse” story?
What was the most amazing physical feat you’ve managed to pull off?
What’s the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?
What would be the most unsettling thing to keep occasionally finding around your house?
What nicknames do you have for people in your life?
What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it’s not anatomically feasible or it’s socially frowned upon?
How much do you plan / prepare for the future?
What do you hate most and love most about your car?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn’t exist would you like to try?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve convinced someone of?
How much do you think names affect the outcomes of people’s lives?
What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?
What’s the shadiest thing you’ve seen someone do?
What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren’t sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?
What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?
What are some of the dumbest lyrics you’ve heard in a song?
Where’s the line between soup and cereal?
What word do you always mispronounce?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?
What’s the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?
How much of your body would you cybernetically enhance if you could?
If you wanted to slowly drive a roommate insane using only notes, what kind of notes would you leave around the house?
If you had a giraffe that you needed to hide, where would you hide it?
What’s the clumsiest thing you’ve done?
What songs do you only know the chorus to?
Think of a brand, now what would an honest slogan for that brand be?
What’s something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What’s the most amazing place in nature you’ve been?
What’s quickly becoming obsolete?
Where is the most uncomfortable place you have ever slept?
What’s the most annoying animal you’ve encountered?
What’s your best example of correlation not equaling causation?
In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?
When was the last time you were hopelessly lost?
What songs do you feel compelled to sing along with when you hear them, even if you don’t totally know all the words?
What product do you wish a company would make a “smart” version of?
What two films would you like to combine into one?
What’s are some of your Pavlovian responses?